1. Introduction
1.1. E-Invoicing in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (linking E-Invoicing Regulation 
with the VAT Legislations)
Electronic Invoicing is a procedure that aims to convert the issuing of paper invoices as 
well as credit and debit notes into an electronic process that allows the exchange and 
processing of invoices, credit and debit notes in a structured electronic format between 
the buyer and seller.
The E-Invoicing Regulation shall be read together with the Unified VAT Agreement (the 
Agreement), the VAT Law published on 4/11/1438H and its amendments (the VAT Law), the 
VAT Implementing Regulation (VAT Implementing Regulation) and the resolutions issued 
pursuant to the Electronic Invoicing Regulation, including the resolution on the Controls, 
Requirements, Technical Specifications and Procedural Rules (herein after referred to as 
“E-Invoicing Resolution”) required for implementing Electronic Invoicing in the Kingdom 
of Saudi Arabia.

1.2. Benefits of E-Invoicing
Electronic Invoicing has several benefits for both persons subject to E-Invoicing 
Regulations and national economy, these benefits include but are not limited to:
A. Reduces cost of invoicing process
B. Prevents human error in invoicing process
C. Enhances digitalization in supply chain
D. Improves accounting and book keeping 
E. Enhances business ecosystem with enriched fair competition and consumer protection 
through provision of a unified process for validating and auditing invoices
F. Reduces hidden economy transactions
G. Reduces commercial concealment by increasing requirements related to invoice 
tracking and data retention
H. Enriches the consumer experience and digitizing the consumer- supplier relationship
I. Increases compliance with tax obligations through enhanced verification of business 
transactions

1.3. E-Invoicing phases
Electronic Invoicing is composed of two main phases, as follows:
1. Phase 1 (Generation Phase): Generation of Electronic Invoices Phase, where Persons 
subject to the E-Invoicing Regulations must generate Electronic Invoices and associated 
Electronic Notes in accordance with the clauses set forth under the Resolution on the 
E-INVOICING BYLAW and The Controls, Requirements, Technical Specifications And 
Procedural Rules For Implementing The Provisions Of The E-Invoicing Regulation and any 
subsequent resolutions. This phase has been implemented effectively by 4th of December 
2021.
2. Phase 2 (Integration Phase): Integration Phase, where Persons subject to the E-Invoicing 
Regulations must integrate their systems with the Authority’s system (FATOORA) in 
accordance with the clauses set forth under the Resolution on the Controls, Requirements, 
Technical Specifications and Procedural Rules and any subsequent resolutions. The 
second phase (integration phase) shall be implemented starting from 1st of January 2023 
onwards. The second phase (integration phase) will be implemented in groups and will be 
mandated to Persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulations based on the criteria set by the 
Authority. Notifications to the target groups will be initiated at least six months in advance

1.4. The Authority
The Zakat, Tax and Customs Authority, also referred to as “the Authority” herein, is the 
authority in charge of the implementation and administration of VAT (which may be referred 
to hereinafter as “the Tax”) or (“VAT”). In addition to the registration and deregistration 
of taxable persons for VAT, the administration of VAT return filing and VAT refunds, and 
undertaking audits and field visits, the Authority also has the power to levy penalties for 
noncompliance and is mandated to implement the E-Invoicing framework in KSA, which 
was enforced through the E-Invoicing Regulations issued by the Board of Directors of the 
Authority on December 4, 2020.
1.5. Scope of this Guideline
This Guideline addresses all Persons covered by the scope of application of Article (3) of 
the E-Invoicing Regulation which covers:
● Taxable person that is a resident in KSA. 
● The customer or any third party who issues a Tax Invoice on behalf of the taxable 
person that is a resident in KSA according to the VAT Implementing Regulation.
This Guideline aims to provide more information on certain industries, transactions or 
scenarios and provide more detailed information on how E-Invoicing will be applicable to 
such industries, transactions or scenarios. 
This Guideline contains and references several examples of electronic invoices against the 
various invoices to be issued and the types of transactions. The complete list of examples 
and the human readable format (PDF/A-3 with embedded XML) of the invoice and the XML 
are included on the Authority’s Website. Please note that the Cryptographic Stamp value, 
the QR Code value, and the Invoice Hash value in the XML examples are sample values. 
This Guideline aims to simplify and clarify the end-to-end journey of the Taxable persons 
through electronic invoicing, their obligations, and the overall solution requirements to 
comply with electronic invoicing regulations.
This Guideline does not contain explanations of technical implementation details directed 
at invoicing solution vendors.

2. Clarifications of the main terms used
This section provides clarifications of the definitions used under the Resolution, provides 
some additional clarifications that will be helpful to better understand the terms used under 
these guidelines, and clarifies the mechanism for applying the provisions related to the 
Resolution.
2.1. Electronic Invoicing:
It is a mechanism that aims to transform the process of issuing paper invoices and notes 
into an electronic process that allows the exchange of invoices and debit and credit notes 
and their processing in a structured electronic format organized between the seller and the 
buyer.
2.2. Tax Invoice:
A Tax Invoice as per Article 53(1) of VAT Implementing Regulations that is generated and 
stored in a structured electronic format through electronic means. Standard Tax Invoices 
are generally issued in Business to Business (B2B) transactions. A paper invoice that is 
converted into an electronic format through copying, scanning, or any other method is not 
considered an electronic invoice.
2.3. Simplified Tax Invoice:
A Simplified Tax Invoice as per Article 53(7) of VAT Implementing Regulations that is 
generated and stored in a structured electronic format generally issued for a B2C (business 
to consumer) transaction and does not generally include the buyer’s details1
. Optionally, 
Simplified Tax Invoices may also be issued for business-to-business transactions in case 
the value of supply is below SAR 1,000

2.4. Electronic Note:
Debit and credit notes that must be issued in accordance with the Article 54 of VAT 
Implementing Regulation, and which are generated and stored in a structured electronic 
format through electronic means. Paper notes that are converted into electronic format 
through copying, scanning, or any other method, are not considered electronic notes for 
the purposes of this Regulation.
2.5. Debit Note:
Debit notes are issued by the sellers in order to issue a correction in value to buyers. Debit 
notes are used for increasing the value of the original invoice or the VAT amount. Debit 
notes follow the same format as the invoice for which they have been issued.
2.6. Credit Note:
Credit notes are issued by the sellers in order to refund buyers and are used to correct 
invoices information if generated with an error. Credit notes follow the same format as the 
invoice they have been issued upon. 
2.7. E-Invoice Solution:
The compliant solution which is used for generating Electronic Invoices and Electronic 
Notes. Such a solution must fulfil the specifications and requirements set forth under the 
resolution on the Controls, Requirements, Technical Specifications and Procedural Rules 
for Implementing the Provisions of the E-Invoicing Regulation. An E-Invoice Solution may 
contain one or more Units.

2.8. FATOORA Portal:
ZATCA’s portal through which Tax Invoice, Simplified Tax Invoice, and electronic credit/
debit note data is received, which are generated by the E-Invoice Solutions used by 
Persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulations. This portal aims to onboard the user’s EGS 
Unit through generating cryptographic stamp identifier or renewing the existing one or 
revoking it. In addition, the user can view the list of onboarded solutions and devices.
2.9. Cryptographic Stamp:
An electronic stamp which is created via cryptographic algorithms to ensure authenticity 
of origin and integrity of content of the data for the Electronic Invoices and its associated 
Electronic Notes, and to ensure the identity verification of the issuer for the Invoices and 
Notes for the purpose of ensuring compliance with the provisions and controls of the VAT 
Law and its Implementing Regulation regarding the generation of Electronic Invoices and 
Notes. For technical details, please refer to the Security Features Implementation Standard.
2.10. Cryptographic Stamp Identifier (CSID):
A Cryptographic Stamp Identifier (CSID) is a unique identifier that links the E-Invoice 
Solution Unit and a trusted third party able to confirm the identity of the Person subject 
to the E-Invoicing Regulation and uniquely identify their unit. For technical details, please 
refer to the Security Features Implementation Standard.
2.11. UUID:
A 128-bit number, generated by an algorithm chosen to make it unlikely that the same 
identifier will be generated by anyone else in the known universe using the same algorithm. 
The UUID is generated by a compliant E-Invoice Solution and stored inside the XML invoice. 
Note: In Windows OS UUIDs are referred to by the term GUID

2.12. QR Code:
A type of matrix barcode, with a pattern of black and white squares that is machine 
readable by a QR code scanner or smart device camera in order to enable basic validation of 
Electronic Invoices and Electronic Notes. For technical details, please refer to the Security 
Features Implementation Standard.
2.13. Hash:
A hash function is any function that can be used to map data of arbitrary size to fixed-size 
values called hashes that takes up minimal space. A hash procedure is deterministic - 
meaning that for a given input value it must always generate the same hash value. It is not 
possible to derive the original data from a hash; hence, hashing is meant to verify that a 
file or piece of data hasn’t been altered. For technical details, please refer to the Security 
Features Implementation Standard.
2.14. Invoice Reference Number:
A unique and sequential number that identifies the issued invoice by the E-Invoice Solution, 
according to article 53 of the VAT Implementing Regulations. The VAT Implementing 
Regulations did not specify a specific format for the Invoice Reference Number, and the 
reference numbers may be different, for example, a different sequential reference number 
for each branch, provided that the Tax Invoice is clearly and distinctly defined and follows 
a sequence

2.15. Clearance:
Clearance is the process where the Authority shall verify that the Electronic Tax Invoices 
and their associated Electronic Notes transmitted to it (through integration) by the persons 
subject to E-Invoicing Regulation, fulfil the controls and details specified in the E-Invoicing 
Resolution, Annexes (1) and (2) of the Resolution, and the relevant technical documentation. 
The Authority shall insert the Cryptographic Stamp only on the Invoices and Notes which 
fulfil the aforementioned controls and details. Please note that the process of Clearance is 
not applicable to Simplified Tax Invoices.
2.16. Reporting of Simplified Tax Invoices and their associated notes:
Reporting is the process of sharing of the Simplified Tax Invoices and their associated 
Notes which are generated electronically - which include the Cryptographic Stamp as 
specified in Clause (Fourth) of the E-Invoicing Resolution- with the Authority by the 
persons subject to E-Invoicing Regulation. Persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation 
will be required to transmit all Simplified Tax Invoices to the FATOORA Portal within (24) 
hours from its issuance. 
2.17. Human Readable Format:
The human readable format of the invoice is a recognizable invoice that can be read and 
understood by a human reader (including buyers and the Authority).
2.18. The Authority’s Toolkit:
The Authority toolkit is the testing toolkits provided by the Authority to allow Persons 
subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation to verify that their solutions generate compliant 
invoices and can be validated by the FATOORA Portal after integration. There are three 
tools provided the sandbox, SDK and web-based validator, for more details please check 
the sandbox webpage

3. Scope of E-Invoicing
3.1. Taxable Persons subject to E-Invoicing
● All Taxable Persons subject to E-Invoicing Regulations are obliged to generate 
E-Invoices for all their transactions for which Tax Invoices must be issued, in addition to 
the electronic notes that must be issued in the cases stipulated in the VAT Law and its 
implementing regulations
● Taxable Persons who are subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation include:
1. Taxable person that is a Resident in the Kingdom.
2. The customer or any third party that issues a Tax Invoice on behalf of the taxable 
person that is a Resident in the Kingdom according to Article 53 (3), on the 
amendment of VAT Implementing Regulations which was approved by the Authority 
in 2021/11/09 that implemented in Dec. 4th 2021 
● Taxable Persons who are not Residents in KSA are not required to issue Electronic 
Invoices or Electronic Notes for supplies or amounts received which are subject to tax 
in KSA.
3.2. Requirements to generate Electronic Invoices
Electronic invoicing has not changed the requirements for issuing invoices, debit notes 
or credit notes, and therefore, the issuance of invoices, debit notes or credit notes must 
be adhered to in accordance with the provisions of the VAT Law and its implementing 
regulations

4. Types of E-Invoices
4.1. Tax Invoice
4.1.1. Tax Invoices for Phase 1 (Generation Phase)
a. A Tax invoice is an invoice issued for most B2B and B2G transactions with fields defined 
in Article 53 (5), VAT Implementing Regulations and Annex 2 of E Invoicing Resolution. 
The fields required for Generation Phase and Integration Phase to be included within 
the Tax Invoice are included in the Annex 2 of the E-Invoicing Resolution. 
b. For Phase 1 (Generation Phase), the taxpayer must generate a Tax Invoice including 
additional data fields prescribed in the Annex 2 of E-Invoicing Resolution in an electronic 
format using a compliant E-Invoice Generation Solution (EGS). There is no specific 
format prescribed for Phase 1 Tax Invoices (such as XML format or PDF/A-3 format). 
Taxpayers can generate it in any electronic format, however, a paper invoice that is 
converted into an electronic format through copying, scanning, or any other method is 
not considered a compliant E-Invoice.
c. Also, for the Phase 1 (Generation Phase) invoices, there is no specific format prescribed 
for sharing / presentment to the buyers. Phase 1 invoices can be presented in the any 
electronic format.

4.1.2. Tax Invoices for Phase 2 (Integration Phase)
a. For Phase 2 (Integration Phase), the taxpayer must generate a Tax Invoice including 
additional data fields prescribed in the Annex 2 of E-Invoicing Resolution in an electronic 
format using a compliant E-Invoice Generation Solution (EGS) which is Onboarded (click 
here for detailed technical guideline which defines the onboarding process). Phase 2 
(Integration Phase) Tax Invoices must be generated in XML format or a PDF/A-3 (with 
embedded XML).
b. Phase 2 (Integration Phase) Tax Invoices must be submitted in XML format (not 
PDF/A-3) to FATOORA Platform for “Clearance” using APIs. FATOORA Platform will 
validate whether the Tax Invoice is compliant with XML Implementation Standard 
and run additional referential checks. Once the Tax Invoice pass validation checks, 
FATOORA Platform will “Clear” the Tax Invoice by including a Cryptographic Stamp 
and a QR Code to the XML. The “Cleared” XML will be sent back to the taxpayer using 
APIs. Further details are provided in Section 7 of this guideline.
c. Phase 2 (Integration Phase) invoices must be shared / presentment to the buyers in 
XML or PDF/A-3 (with embedded XML) format.
Tax Invoices contain fields as per VAT legislations including the seller and buyer information, 
transaction and goods/services details in addition to other technical fields that are to be 
generated by the electronic invoicing solution. Sample images of the human readable 
format of the Tax Invoice are included in Section 4.6 of this guideline. Samples must be 
different for Phase 1 and Phase 2.

Example:
Al Salam Supplies Co. LTD is, a registered taxpayer in Riyadh. Al Kawther Markets, a 
registered taxpayer, contracts Al Salam for providing their stores with goods. Once the 
items have been delivered, Al Salam issued an electronic invoice through their invoicing 
solution. The technical fields of the invoice are automatically generated by the solution, 
where Al Salam only inserts information about Al Kawther and their details, goods sold, and 
the total value and VAT value of the transaction. Al Salam archives a copy of the Tax Invoice 
in their records on a system according to the provisions in VAT Law, VAT Implementing 
Regulation, E-Invoicing Regulation and resolutions and all other relevant Laws in KSA.
Example:
Capital National Bank, a registered bank in KSA provided Al Amaal Company with a 
corporate loan to finance the company’s operations. The bank issued a Tax Invoice 
containing two items, bank commission with an amount of SAR 6,250.00 and loan’s Profit 
Element with an amount of SAR 50,000.00. The bank commission is subjected to VAT 
with a rate of 15%. The loan Profit Element will be exempt from VAT, the Bank should 
issue a Tax Invoice for the taxable supplies from the E-Invoice Solution used by the bank 
and if the bank decided to issue one invoice for both the taxable and exempt supplies then 
this invoice should meet the requirements of the Tax Invoices.

4.2. Simplified Tax Invoice
4.2.1. Simplified Tax Invoices for Phase 1 (Generation Phase)
a. A Simplified Tax invoice is an invoice issued mostly for B2C transactions with fields 
defined in Article 53 (8), VAT Implementing Regulations and Annex 2 of E Invoicing 
Resolution. The fields required for Generation Phase and Integration Phase to be 
included within the Simplified Tax Invoice are included in the Annex 2 of the E-Invoicing 
Resolution.
b. Also, taxpayers have an option to generate Simplified Tax Invoices for the B2B 
transaction if the value of Taxable Supplies is less than 1,000 SAR. It must be noted 
that for Simplified Invoices for B2C transaction can be generated for any value (even for 
transactions where value of Taxable Supplies exceed 1,000 SAR). This limit of 1,000 
SAR is only applicable when the supplier chooses to issue Simplified Tax Invoice for 
B2B transactions.
c. For Phase 1 (Generation Phase), the taxpayer must generate a Simplified Tax Invoice 
including additional data fields prescribed in the Annex 2 of E-Invoicing Resolution 
electronically using a compliant E-Invoice Generation Solution (EGS). There is no 
specific format prescribed for Phase 1 Simplified Tax Invoices (such as XML format or 
PDF/A-3 format). Taxpayers can generate it in any electronic format, however, a paper 
invoice that is converted into an electronic format through copying, scanning, or any 
other method is not considered a compliant E-Invoice generated electronically.
d. Simplified Tax Invoices that has been generated electronically must be shared / 
presented to the buyers in a printed copy. Alternatively, such Simplified Tax Invoice or 
its associated Notes - upon the agreement between the transaction parties - may also 
be shared with customers in its electronic format or any other human readable format 
with customers

4.2.2. Simplified Tax Invoices for Phase 2 (Integration Phase)
a. The taxpayer must generate Simplified Tax Invoice including additional data fields 
prescribed in the Annex 2 of E-Invoicing Resolution in an electronic format using a 
compliant E-Invoice Generation Solution (EGS) which is Onboarded. Simplified Tax 
Invoices must be generated in XML format or a PDF/A-3 (with embedded XML). 
Taxpayer’s EGS solution must stamp the XML using CSID issued by ZATCA and also 
include a QR Code which is compliant with Phase 2 requirements (9 tags in TLV base64 
format).
b. Once a compliant Simplified Tax Invoice is generated (after stamping and applying 
QR code), it must be shared / presented to the buyer immediately in a printed copy. 
Alternatively, such Simplified Tax Invoice or its associated Notes - upon the agreement 
between the transaction parties - may also be shared with customers in its electronic 
format or any other human readable format with customers. 
c. Taxpayers must submit the Simplified Tax Invoices in XML format (not PDF/A-3) to 
FATOORA Platform for “Reporting” within 24 hours of generation using APIs. FATOORA 
Platform will validate whether the Tax Invoice is compliant with XML Implementation 
Standard and run additional referential checks. Once the Simplified Tax Invoice pass 
validation checks, FATOORA Platform will provide an API response.
Example:
Al Salam Supplies Co. LTDs operate 3 stores in KSA with over 12 cash registers. Each cash 
register generates Simplified Tax Invoices based on each sale to a customer, with a QR Code 
applied to each invoice. All Simplified Tax Invoices that are generated by the cash registers 
are then sent to Al Salam company’ central repository and finance management system. 
Al Salam company archives copies of the E-Invoices in their records on a system according 
to the provisions in VAT Law, VAT Implementing Regulation, E-Invoicing Regulation and 
resolutions and all other relevant Laws in KSA. On 1st of January 2023 (according to the 
phases and targeted groups of the integration), Al Salam company must report all invoices 
issued within 24 hours from the time of issuance

Example:
A Saudi citizen bought three items from Alwaha Pharmacy online store. Two items are 
standard rated items with a VAT rate of 15% and the third item is zero rated since it›s 
classified as medical goods according to the VAT law and regulations. Once the payment 
has been made, the pharmacy issues a Simplified Tax Invoice through the pharmacy 
application containing details on the items that the customer purchased and sends the 
invoice to the customer’s registered email address.
Example:
Al Jouf Business School, a private university in KSA, issued a Simplified Tax Invoice for 
term tuition to a female Saudi citizen. Since this is a private education service subject to the 
standard tax rate, an invoice should be issued to the Saudi Citizen. This service is subject to 
a special treatment which is considered as a “Zero Rated›› invoice as regulated by ZATCA, 
the Saudi government will cover the VAT on behalf of the citizen. Therefore, the citizen 
will not be charged VAT. 
4.3. Credit and Debit Notes
Electronic Credit / Debit notes are issued for a Tax Invoices / Simplified Tax Invoices (after 
an e- invoice has been issued), wherein the transaction is adjusted subject to Article 40 (1) 
and Article 54(3) of VAT Implementing Regulations. 
Credit and Debit notes must be issued with a reference to the original invoice(s) to which 
they are issued. The reference fields can be used to indicate the Invoice Reference 
Number(s) of Original Invoice(s) to which Credit Note pertains. In case, a single Credit 
Note relates to multiple Original Invoices, then taxpayers can provide Invoice Reference 
Numbers as a range (for example IRN from 001 to IRN 100 issued during the period 1 Jan 
2022 to 31 March 2022). The type of credit/debit note follows the type of invoice that they 
are issued against

Example:
Data Extract Consulting company purchases several office furniture items from Zamil 
Furniture Group. After they have been invoiced by Zamil, Data Extract wishes to return 
several items that were defective. Zamil issues a credit note in order to refund the amount 
paid, and the information is the same as the information contained in the Tax Invoice that was 
issued for the sale. The credit note contains the Invoice Reference Number of the original 
invoice. Data Extract archives a copy of the note in their records on a system according 
to the provisions in VAT Law, VAT Implementing Regulation, E-Invoicing Regulation and 
resolutions and all other relevant Laws in KSA.
4.4. Sample visual examples of E- invoices
Each type of E-Invoice and associated note may be presented in human readable form. 
The fields required to be visible on such a representation are indicated in the E-Invoicing 
Resolution in Annex (2). This section contains examples of fully compliant visualized 
E-Invoices that contain the fields required starting 1st January 2023 (in waves by targeted 
taxpayer groups).

5.2. Timelines
Taxable persons subject to E-Invoice Regulation are obliged to generate Electronic Invoices 
and Electronic Notes starting from 4th of December 2021.
The second set of requirements for E-Invoice generation are required starting from 1st 
January 2023 (in waves by targeted taxpayer groups) as part of the Integration Phase.
5.3. Technical Requirements
● All E-Invoice Solutions must be able to connect to the internet in order to share invoices 
with the Authority. 
● The E-Invoice Solutions must be able to connect with an API published by the Authority 
in order to share invoices. Specific integration requirements are published on the 
Authority’s website, and E-Invoice Solution vendors will have enough time to update 
their products and services.
● The E-Invoice Solutions must have tamper-proofing mechanisms that prevent any 
modification or tampering with invoices or the solution itself, and must be able to record 
and detect any tampering attempts.

5.4. Information Security
● Persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation must ensure that their Compliant 
E-Invoice Solutions must be tamper-resistant and include a mechanism which prevents 
tampering and reveals tampering attempts that might occur.
1. These solutions contain functionalities that prohibit users from directly changing 
the solution and invoice generation.
2. The anti-tampering mechanisms include:
Prevention of invoice counter reset:
Resetting the invoice counter should not be a function available in an E-Invoice 
Solution and access to the counter value should be protected from system users.
Prevention of date changes:
Resetting the system date should be inaccessible to system users.
Prevention of deletion or modification of invoices:
Users of the E-Invoice Solution should not have the ability to delete or change 
E-Invoice and associated Note XML documents stored on by the solution. The 
solution should be equipped with sufficient memory to store the E-Invoice and 
associated Note XML documents generated by it.
Prevention of uncontrolled access:
Access to E-Invoice Solution functions must always be via a logged in user who is 
granted access only to functions that are necessary to perform their role

● As per VAT Implementing Regulations, if the data is hosted on the cloud, it must be 
accessible through a direct link that can be made available to the Authority. This 
requirement is mandatory for audit purposes as per VAT Implementing Regulations
● The system must allow Persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation to export and 
save their invoices onto an external archival system
● Each stored invoice must follow a naming convention for naming of the file: VAT 
Registration (tax registration number) + Timestamp (date and time at the point of 
invoice generation) + Invoice Reference Number
● Taxpayer’s E-Invoice Solutions may reside on the cloud in accordance with VAT 
Implementing Regulation, however additional non-tax-related regulations may apply 
to the taxpayer entity, such as National Cybersecurity Authority published laws and 
any other applicable regulations or controls 
Prevention of export of stamping keys:
The cryptographic stamp identifier is associated with a unique private key that 
should be generated by the solution, so that it may not be viewed or copied during 
system initialization. Export of the key would enable theft of the E-Invoice Solution’s 
identity, and so should be blocked by the solution vendor using a software or 
hardware key vault.
● The Compliant Solution must be able to protect the generated Electronic Invoices 
and Electronic Notes from any alteration or undetected deletion and contain some 
functionalities which enable the taxable person to save Electronic Invoices and 
Electronic Notes and archive them in XML format without Internet connection.
1. Once invoices are generated, they should not be deleted or altered by any user
2. The solution will also allow Persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation to store 
the invoices once they are generated in a safe and secure manner to avoid leakage 
or loss of information

5.5. Data Storage and Archival
Persons subject to the E-Invoicing Regulation may store their electronic invoices in a server 
on-premises in the KSA or in the cloud as per their solution requirements and storage 
requirements and according to the provisions in VAT Law, VAT Implementing Regulation, 
E-Invoicing Regulation and Resolutions and all other relevant Laws in KSA